# Service configuration

Vehicle recall service is able to use a few environment variables. They are used to set up application logger properly.

```
SERVICE_NAME
```
This parameter should be set during deployment. It contains service name "Vehicle recalls api" and it is added to all logs generated by service. If not set then "NotSet" string is generated.

```
SERVICE_ENV
```
This parameter should be set during deployment. It contains environment name and it is added to all logs generated by service. If not set then "NotSet" string is generated.

```
AWS_LAMBDA_FUNCTION_NAME
```
This parameter is automatically populated by AWS. It contains AWS lambda function name and it is added to all logs generated by service. On local environment it will set to "NotSet".

```
AWS_LAMBDA_FUNCTION_VERSION
```
This parameter is automatically populated by AWS. It contains AWS lambda function version and it is added to all logs generated by service. On local environment it will set to "NotSet".

```
RECALL_LOG_LEVEL
```
This parameter should be set during deployment. It describes logging level used by service. By default is set to ``` error ``` level and it can be overwritten by this parameter.
Supported levels: 
- "fatal" (60): The service/app is going to stop or become unusable now.
  An operator should definitely look into this soon.
- "error" (50): Fatal for a particular request, but the service/app continues
  servicing other requests. An operator should look at this soon(ish).
- "warn" (40): A note on something that should probably be looked at by an
  operator eventually.
- "info" (30): Detail on regular operation.
- "debug" (20): Anything else, i.e. too verbose to be included in "info" level.
- "trace" (10): Logging from external libraries used by your app or *very*
  detailed application logging.

Setting a logger instance (or one of its streams) to a particular level implies
that all log records *at that level and above* are logged. E.g. a logger set to
level "info" will log records at level info and above (warn, error, fatal).

More details you can find in [Bunyan wiki](https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan/blob/master/README.md#level-suggestions)
